privatelink updates needed - Clarifications (#8771)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/privatelink-service.md

-  You cannot establish SSH connections using PrivateLink. For SSH, use the Magento SSH capabilities. See [Enable SSH keys][].
-  Magento support does not cover troubleshooting AWS PrivateLink issues beyond initial enablement.
-  Customers are responsible for costs associated with managing their own VPC.

> -  You cannot use the HTTPS (443) protocol to connect to Magento Commerce over PrivateLink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  You cannot use the HTTPS protocol (port 443) to connect to Magento Commerce over PrivateLink.
```

   -  **Magento Cloud Project ID**–Provide the {{site.data.var.ece}} Pro project ID. You can get the Project ID and other project information using the folllowing [Magento Cloud CLI][] command:  ```magento-cloud project:info```
   -  **Connection type**–Specify unidirectional or bidirectional for connection type
   -  **Service endpoint**–For bidirectional PrivateLink connections, provide the DNS URL for the VPC service endpoint that Magento must connect to, for example `com.amazonaws.vpce.<cloud-region>.vpce-svc-<service-id>`.

>    -  **Service endopoint access granted**-Ensure that your service endpoint has the principle set to allow access to= `arn:aws:iam::402592597372:root`.  If this is not set the bi-direction connection to access the service in your VPC cannot be added and will delay the setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  **Service endpoint access granted**-Provide the Magento account principal with access to your service endpoint: `arn:aws:iam::402592597372:root`. If this access is not provided, the bidirectional PrivateLink connection to the service in your VPC will not be added, which will delay the setup.
```

   -  **Magento** supplies the Magento account principal (root user for AWS or Azure account) and requests access to the customer VPC endpoint service.

>    -  **Customer** enables Magento access to the endpoint service in customer VPC.  There is prereq of ensuring principle access= `arn:aws:iam::402592597372:root`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  **Customer** enables Magento access to the endpoint service in the customer VPC. This assumes that the Magento account principal has access to `arn:aws:iam::402592597372:root`, as previously described in the **Service endpoint access granted** prerequisite.
```
